Life is what you make it.
Success is not the key to happiness. Happiness is the key to success.
Believe in yourself and all that you are.
Every day is a new opportunity.
Be the change you wish to see in the world.
Patience is a virtue.
Love is the answer, no matter the question.
Time heals all wounds.
Knowledge is power.
Simplicity is the ultimate sophistication.
Mistakes are proof that you are trying.
Failure is a detour, not a dead-end street.
Creativity takes courage.
Happiness is not a destination, it is a way of life.
The best revenge is massive success.
Humility precedes glory.
Silence is a friend who never betrays.
Wisdom begins in wonder.
Gratitude turns what we have into enough.
Optimism is the faith that leads to achievement.
Perseverance is the key to success.
Kindness is the language which the deaf can hear and the blind can see.
Life is either a daring adventure or nothing.
Integrity is doing the right thing even when no one is watching.
Faith moves mountains.
Curiosity is the desire to learn.
Generosity is the key to happiness.
Beauty begins the moment you decide to be yourself.
Courage is resistance to fear, mastery of fear, not absence of fear.
Self-respect is the fruit of discipline.
Inspiration exists, but it must find you working.
A smile is the key that fits the lock of everybody's heart.
Wisdom is the reward for experience.
Hope is the thing with feathers that perches in the soul.
Leadership is creating a world to which people want to belong.
Time is a great healer.
Life is a succession of lessons which must be lived to be understood.
Change is inevitable, growth is optional.
Freedom begins where ignorance ends.
The only place where success comes before work is in the dictionary.
The greatness of a nation and its moral progress can be judged by the way its animals are treated.
Happiness is a journey, not a destination.
Self-confidence is the first secret of success.
Kindness is the language that the blind can see and the deaf can hear.
The real voyage of discovery consists not in seeking new landscapes, but in having new eyes.
True wealth is the ability to fully experience life.
Strength does not come from physical capacity, it comes from an indomitable will.
Forgiveness is the key to action and freedom.
Joy is the simplest form of gratitude.
The secret of happiness is freedom, and the secret of freedom is courage.
The purpose of life is to know yourself and lose yourself in the action.
Victory belongs to the most persevering.
The greatest pleasure in life is doing what people say you cannot do.
Happiness is the only thing that doubles when you share it.
True wisdom comes from seeing the extraordinary in the ordinary.
The power of imagination makes us infinite.
The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams.
Peace begins with a smile.
Education is the most powerful weapon to change the world.
Success is going to bed each night with your soul at peace.
Knowledge speaks, but wisdom listens.
The best way to predict the future is to create it.
Simplicity is the key to elegance.
The only real failure is the failure to try.
The measure of intelligence is the ability to change.
Life is really simple, but we insist on making it complicated.
Happiness depends upon ourselves.
Kindness is an act that has no return.
A smile is a curve that sets everything straight.
The most beautiful attire a woman can wear is the look of love from the man she loves.
The best way to predict your future is to create it.
The joy of living is a contagious emotion.
Time is the most precious thing one can spend.
Greatness does not consist in being strong, but in the right use of strength.
Happiness is not a state to arrive at, but a manner of traveling.
True generosity towards the future consists in giving everything to the present.
Self-respect is the fruit of honesty.
Simplicity is the key to true elegance.
Success is the sum of small efforts repeated day in and day out.
The greatest glory is not in never falling, but in rising every time we fall.
The only real voyage is not to go to new landscapes, but to have other eyes.
Gratitude turns what we have into enough.
Life is what happens when you're busy making other plans.
Beauty is in the eye of the beholder.
Happiness is the only thing that doubles when shared.
Success is falling nine times and getting up ten.
The greatest risk is not taking any risk.
A smile is a universal language.
The real voyage of discovery consists not in seeking new landscapes, but in having new eyes.
The power of love is infinite.
Success is not the key to happiness; happiness is the key to success.